alright wait sir half past twelve was
getting colder let's start personally
out and it's no darker and then my nose
is getting used to the odor which by the
way is absolutely horrific this whole
air is thick with the smell of
predigested krill I'm just trying to
describe that to you imagine the worst
fishy cat food in the world but in the
airing cupboard for three days and then
spread liberally on a beach in
Antarctica and you pretty much got it oh
and another thing penguins don't tread
quietly when they walk past you on the
beach
now I don't know if you can see me but
the the Sun has just set finally anyone
who thinks penguins are cute sweet
little birds obviously has not done this
because that braying noise and the cute
little piping of the chicks has really
well basically is really getting on my
nerves now I I can't sleep I pull my ear
flaps down on my hat still can't shout
out the noise and what's more in this
sort of twilight penguins can't seem to
see me so they keep them I'll keep
running into my bed which is kind of
worse not alarm it just doesn't make the
sweet dream dussel hey we're going to
give it another crack get a bit of
shut-eye goodnight
it's about three o'clock I still can't
sleep but I have made an amazing
discovery not sure if I can get a shot
of it but you just watch this that there
is my next door neighbor it's a penguin
and it is sleeping unfortunately for me
the rest of the 199,000 birds on the
island are still as active as ever it
makes me realize exactly how hard is the
PIP every down here because it might be
a short summer but during that time they
pretty much work 24 hours a day
now the penguin just ran for my sleeping
bag that ran into my head and I was
woken me up it's rather annoying really
because what is suddenly very brother
spookily apparent is that other than the
occasional pipe from a chick the colony
has finally fallen pretty much silent
I'm going to put my arms back into
sleeper back now because they're
freezing
oh good morning I survived i'm alive i'm
not too cold although we have had a
dusting of snow in the night but yeah I
was kind of interesting as I'd it
blowing in the top of my sleeping bag
but actually slept rather well that last
bit because the Penguins wore me out so
much and they went quiet eventually that
I have actually slept until half past
six which is something well I wasn't
expecting because I had a lion and my
alarm call this morning was that bird
over there as a skewer and one of the
main predators of young penguins and
also a good scavenger I obviously look
like a bit of a dead body this morning
because he just made on my chest but
never mind that it's all based on alarm
clock